1  -  Print the leaf nodes of given tree.
2  -  print the all left node of every node.
3  -  print the all right node of every node.
4  -  print all nodes of given level.
5  -  print only left sub tree if root node given.
6  -  print only right sub tree if root node given.
7  -  find the sum of all node of given tree.
8  -  find the height of the tree.
9 -  Tree is a binery or not.
10 -  print all path from root node to leaf.
11 -  print the longest path from root node to leaf.
12 -  print longest path of the tree of every node. 





Easy Binary Tree Questions:->
1  -  Find the height (depth) of a binary tree.
2  -  Check if a binary tree is balanced.
3  -  Print all the leaf nodes of a binary tree.
4  -  Find the lowest common ancestor of two nodes in a binary tree.
5  -  Check if a binary tree is a binary search tree (BST).
6  -  Sum of all nodes at a given level in a binary tree.
7  -  Count the number of nodes in a binary tree.
8  -  Mirror or invert a binary tree.
9  -  Find the diameter (the longest path between any two nodes) of a binary tree.
10 -  Check if two binary trees are identical.


Medium Binary Tree Questions:->
1  -  Print all the nodes at distance K from a given node in a binary tree.
2  -  Serialize and deserialize a binary tree.
3  -  Find the maximum sum path between any two leaves in a binary tree.
4  -  Construct a binary tree from its inorder and preorder traversals.
5  -  Convert a binary search tree (BST) into a sorted doubly linked list.
6  -  Find the kth smallest element in a binary search tree.
7  -  Find the lowest common ancestor of two nodes in a binary search tree.
8  -  Check if a binary tree is a subtree of another binary tree.
9  -  Connect nodes at the same level in a binary tree (populate next right pointers).
10 -  Find the maximum width of a binary tree.


Hard Binary Tree Questions:->
1  -  Recover a BST with two swapped nodes.
2  -  Find the longest consecutive sequence in a binary tree.
3  -  Serialize and deserialize a binary tree with arbitrary pointers.
4  -  Find the sum of all nodes in the longest path from the root to a leaf.
5  -  Find the maximum sum path between any two nodes in a binary tree.
6  -  Implement an efficient binary tree traversal without using recursion or a stack.
7  -  Find the kth largest element in a binary search tree.
8  -  Find the maximum product subtree in a binary tree.
9  -  Serialize and deserialize an N-ary tree.
10 -  Find the LCA of the deepest leaves in a binary tree.
